# tbgeneratr 0.1.1.7
#### 10 October 2019
## Minor update

* **New function added:** `reassign_lab_no()` for use with Epiinfo data checks whether a diagnostic 
specimen number is defined in admission data and assigns the relevent patient ID that this specimen
in the lab data set if it is missing. 

---

# tbgeneratr 0.1.1.6
#### 7 August 2019
## Minor update
* args in `adm_generator()` changed
* `finalise_outcome()` added to `adm_generator()`

## Bug fix
* Bug fixes in `drug_timer()`
* Unit tests added for `drug_timer()`

---

# tbgeneratr 0.1.1.5
#### 26 Jun 2019
## Minor update
* change in data base time calculation in `drug_timer()` to use most recent start treatment date or most recent drug change date in supplied data sets
* additional messages and warnings if negative days of drug exposure generated by `drug_timer()`
* convert `base_dst` variable in `dst_baseliner()` output into ordered factor
* `bin_outcome` arg added to `outcome_fixer()` to generate new binary factor variable of 
simplified treatment outcomes

---

# tbgeneratr 0.1.1.4
#### 11 Apr 2019
## Minor update
* **Vignette added:** *Generate admission variables* guides the user through the process of generating 
new variables within the admission data set.  

## Bug fix
* fix class detection 

---

# tbgeneratr 0.1.1.2
#### 26 Feb 2019
## Minor update
* `age_generator()`: add `categorise` argument to generate additional factor variable for age. 
* `age_generator()`: add `paediatric` argument to generate additional paediatric age variable.
* args fixed in `age_generator.default()`
* update `adm_generator()` to pass `age_generator()` args using `...`

---

# tbgeneratr 0.1.1.1
#### 12 Feb 2019
## Bug fix
* `baseliner.koch6()`: fixed bug of object class being erased by function. 

---

# tbgeneratr 0.1.1.0
#### 04 Feb 2019
## Major changes
* **New function added:** `drug_timer()` added for Koch6 and EpiInfo data sets. This function is designed to calculate
the number of days a patient has been prescribed a specified drug in their treatment regimen. It
 requires admission and change data sets both cleaned using the `tbcleanr` package. 

---

# tbgeneratr 0.1.0.0
#### 17 Jan 2019
## Major changes
* release 0.1.0.0 which has functionality for Koch6 and EpiInfo but not Koch6 laboratory data

---

# tbgeneratr 0.0.0.21.9003
#### 17 Jan 2019
## Major changes
* `aggregate_dst()` added to simplify `dst_baseliner()`.
* `dst_baseliner.epiinfo()` added to package.
* `dst_baseliner.koch6()` added to package - option for Gr and EpiInfo lab data.

## Minor changes
* `drug_baseliner()` args changed.
* `drug_baseliner()` naming output bug fixed. 

---

# tbgeneratr 0.0.0.21.9002
#### 12 Jan 2019
## Minor changes
* Added a `NEWS.md` file to track changes to the package.
